Prune stack traces produced by failing tests (#3277)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/running-tests.adoc

WARNING: Flight Recorder support is currently an _experimental_ feature. You're invited to
give it a try and provide feedback to the JUnit team so they can improve and eventually
<<api-evolution, promote>> this feature.

[[stacktrace-pruning]]
=== Stack trace pruning

> Since version 1.10, the JUnit Platform provides opt-out support for pruning stack traces
> produced by failing tests. This feature can be enabled or disabled via the
> `junit.platform.stacktrace.pruning.enabled` _configuration parameter_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 1.10, the JUnit Platform provides built-in support for pruning stack traces
produced by failing tests. This feature can be disabled via the
`junit.platform.stacktrace.pruning.enabled` _configuration parameter_.
```

> By default, all calls from `org.junit`, `java` and `jdk` packages are removed from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all calls from the `org.junit`, `java`, and `jdk` packages are removed from the
```

stack trace. You can also configure the JUnit Platform to exclude different or additional
calls. To do this, provide a pattern for the `junit.platform.stacktrace.pruning.pattern`
_configuration parameter_ to specify which fully qualified class names should be excluded
from the stack traces.

In addition, and independently of the provided pattern, all elements prior to and

> including the first JUnit Launcher call will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including the first call from the JUnit Platform Launcher will be removed.
```

> NOTE: Since they provide necessary insides to understand a test failure, calls to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since they provide necessary insights to understand a test failure, calls to
```
